# Thesis
Files used in Undergraduate Thesis for Honours Integrated Science at McMaster University (2019)

The files associated with the first model (classical opinion dynamics coming from statistical mechanics) are titled 'Bin_Data_Clustering', 'Bin_Data_Randomly_Seeded', 'Bin_Data_North_Carolina', 'Movie', and 'redblue'. The first three of these files perform many runs of the model and categorizes the runs based on their long-term behaviour. There are three different files as these files correlate to different initial conditions of the opinion distribution in the system. The file titled 'Movie' creates a movie of the opinions of individuals changing over time in a randomly seeded opinion matrix.  It shows both the continuous and discrete opinions being updated. The 'redblue' file is simply a dependency for the 'Movie' file.

The files titled 'Opinion_Dynamics_Complex Networks', 'Adjacancy_Matrix_for_SPL', 'ShortestPathLength',  and 'delta' are codes associated with the social network opinion dynamics. The 'Opinion_Dynamics_Complex Networks' file creates the social network and allows for co-evolution of opinions in this network. It also provides some analysis of the topology of the network (power law distibution of node degree and clustering coefficient). The file called 'Adjacancy_Matrix_for_SPL' is used in conjunction with 'ShortestPathLength'. The user should run the first file and save the friends matrix as a .mat. Then, you insert this .mat file into 'ShortestPathLength' to find the shortest path length. Finally, the'delta' file finds the delta value of the system given the four point condition of being a delta hyperbolic space.